fix: align process command arguments to spec defenition (#4032)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Update sdk process resource detector 'process.command_args' to be aligned with the spec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update sdk process resource detector 'process.command_args' attribute to also include the executable itself
```

## Unreleased

> - Update sdk process resource detector `PROCESS_COMMAND_ARGS` attribute to also include the executable itself

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update sdk process resource detector `process.command_args` attribute to also include the executable itself
```

Reviewer 2: PROCESS_COMMAND_ARGS is a variable name, not the attribute
